(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
(SNIFFING)
Mmm-hmm.
(LEAVES RUSTLING)
Gotcha!
FULI: Hey!
Now it's your turn
to be "it" and my turn
to hide!
Yeah, okay, fine.
But first...
Could you move your paw?
(SIGHS) I still don't
get it, Kion.
Why are we playing
hide-and-seek
in the first place?
It's not just
hide-and-seek.
It's a way to practice
our tracking skills.
Ah, that does
sound better.
Yeah! Besides, it's fun!
How long did it take Kion
to find you two?
Somehow he found me
right away.
He laughed when
I walked past him.
Kion found me
pretty fast, too.
What about Beshte?
Haven't you found him?
Oh, yeah, I found him.
I just haven't told him yet.
Okay, Beshte!
You can come out
from behind
the rocks now!
(CHUCKLES)
You got me.
Pretty good hiding place,
though, right?
I have to admit,
for someone your size,
you're a surprisingly
good hider.
Thanks, Ono.
Okay, Fuli.
Everyone's been "it"
but you.
Close your eyes
so we can go hide.
Hmm. Fine. But I warn you.
I'm the fastest finder
in the Pride Lands!
Oh, yeah?
Well, I'm the fastest hider!
(GRUNTING)
He does realize
that doesn't count
for anything, right?
I'm not sure he does.
(SIGHS) Okay.
Everybody go hide!
FULI: Ready or not,
here I come!
(GRUNTS)
(CHUCKLES)
VOICE: Excuse me?
(EXCLAIMS)
Who's in there?
Just me.
I didn't mean to
startle you, but you were
standing on my hoof.
I was? I'm sorry!
Say, I don't think we've met.
I'm Beshte! What's your name?
Uh, I'm Ajabu.
Pleased to
meet you, Ajabu.
Come on out.
I won't bite.
Hmm. Okay.
Poa. I've never met anyone
that looks like you.
(CHUCKLES) And I've met
pretty much everyone
in the Pride Lands.
Well, you see,
I'm not from
around here.
I believe it.
So Ajabu, are you a zebra?
Or a giraffe?
Neither! I'm an okapi.
An okapi? Poa!
I've never met
an okapi before.
Well, there aren't many of us.
Even back home.
How come you were hiding
in the bushes?
It's what I do.
Hide in bushes?
Oh, not just bushes.
I hide behind trees,
behind rock piles...
Oh, if I see a hole,
I'll hide in the hole.
Why do you hide so much?
Where I come from,
it's the smartest thing
for an okapi to do.
(GASPS)
Hey, Twiga.
Morning, Beshte.
Ajabu? Where'd you go?
AJABU: (SOFTLY) I'm here.
Behind the rocks.
BESHTE: Come back out!
That was just Twiga.
She's a nice giraffe.
No need to hide from her.
Back where I come from,
you can't be too careful.
Where do you come from?
A place far away
with lots of bushes
and plenty of trees,
a fair amount of rock piles.
A hole or two.
(LAUGHS)
Lots of places to hide.
So why'd you leave?
Oh, I got chased out.
Guess I didn't hide
well enough.
Who chased you out?
A leopard.
Okapis are a leopard's
favorite food.
Well, you've got
nothing to hide
from here.
We don't have
any leopards
in the Pride Lands.
Really?
Hippo's honor!
Then you think
I could stop hiding?
Well, sure.
Come on, Ajabu.
I'll give you a tour.
You're gonna love it here.
(SQUAWKING)
♪ From the north to the south
to the east to west
♪ Yep, the Pride Lands
are the best, no question
♪ You can see me
in the floodplain section
♪ Lake Matope
You'll catch a hippo resting
♪ See? No need to hide
from the water
♪ Yo, Timon and Pumbaa!
♪ Hakuna matata
♪ You're safe around our way
You're all right
♪ You're in
the Pride Lands, Ajabu
Ain't a leopard in sight
♪ Life in the Pride Lands
Peaceful and so grand
♪ Living is easy
Just you believe me
♪ 'Cause everyone I see
is so friendly
♪ Grazing all around
with no worry
♪ They all know
there's no need to fear
♪ And you're gonna love it
right here
♪ Follow me to Mizimu
♪ I'm playing those beats
through the baobab grove
on a tree fruit
♪ Plus I'm pals with
every little galago
♪ And they hanging at Ndefu
That's the style, yo
♪ Imbamba Canyon
to the fields of Mbali
Where the antelope run
♪ And the elephants be calling
It's home sweet home
♪ Now you know
how we be living
♪ One time for
the Pride Lands
Sing it!
♪ Life in the Pride Lands
Peaceful and so grand
♪ Living is easy
Just you believe me
♪ 'Cause everyone I see
is so friendly
♪ Grazing all around
with no worry
♪ They all know
there's no need to fear
♪ And you're gonna love it
right here
♪ You're gonna love it
right here ♪
(SNIFFING)
(GROWLS)
(SHOUTS)
(LAUGHS) Gotcha!
How come everybody always
finds me first?
Maybe it has something
to do with your smell.
(SNIFFS) It is unmistakable,
isn't it?
Well, that's one way
of looking at it.
Now to find Ono,
Beshte and Kion.
Oh, and speaking of Kion,
here's a nice fresh set
of his tracks!
Right behind ya, Fuli!
(SNIFFING)
(GRUNTS) What you got, Fuli?
Look. These aren't
Kion's tracks.
Unless he's got one foot
bigger than the others.
Nah, I don't think so.
Kion! Beshte! Ono!
Game's over!
You guys need to
see this!
On my way!
Fuli! What is it?
You find something?
Any idea what kind of
animal makes tracks
like that?
Heyvi kabisa!
These are leopard tracks!
That's what I thought, too.
Leopard tracks?
You sure?
But there aren't any
leopards living
in the Pride Lands.
Well, there's one now.
The question
is, where? Ono?
I'm on it!
Any chance it's just
a hyrax with really
big feet?
Hapana!
Everyone! Everyone!
I saw the leopard!
He's going after
some gazelles!
Lead the way, Ono.
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(GROWLING)
Get out of the Pride Lands,
leopard! Now!
Name's Makucha, lion.
You want me to go,
you're gonna have to
make me.
But you'll have to
catch me first!
No problem! Huwezi!
You got nowhere
to go now!
That's what
you think, cheetah!
(SHOUTS)
(GRUNTS)
(LAUGHING)
Wow! He sure can jump!
Pretty fast, too.
This guy's not gonna
be easy to catch.
Did you see the gazelles?
They weren't scared
of the leopard at all.
That's why we've got to get
him out of the Pride Lands.
None of the herds know
that leopards are hunters.
So, they don't realize
they should be scared.
They're all going to be
sitting ducks!
Especially the ducks.
That's why
we gotta find him.
Now let's split up
so we can cover
more ground.
Fuli, you're with me.
Bunga, you Ono and...
Hey, where is Beshte?
I bet he's still hiding.
Don't worry, Kion.
We'll find him.
Yeah. Let's go, Ono!
Zuka Zama!
(LAUGHS)
You're right, Beshte.
The Pride Lands really
do seem great.
See? What did I tell ya?
There's plenty to eat,
and no need to hide.
You could...
BUNGA: Beshte!
Here you are!
We've been looking
everywhere for you.
Ono! Found him!
Actually, I think
I saw him first.
Maybe, but I got
here first.
(SIGHS) Fine.
Hi, guys. I've been giving
my new pal Ajabu
a tour of the Pride Lands.
What new pal
are you talking about?
This one here! Aja...
Huh? He was here
a second ago.
Ajabu? Ajabu!
What's this Ajabu look like?
Maybe I've seen him around.
Probably not.
He's new to the Pride Lands.
I think I'm the only one
who's seen him.
I didn't see him.
I only saw you.
So what's he look like?
Well... His top half
looks like a giraffe,
his bottom half
looks like zebra,
and his face kind of
looks like an oryx
but without the horns.
Sounds different.
Is that one new pal
or three new pals?
Just one. He's a nice guy.
You'd like him.
And you're the only one
who can see him?
No, no. I'm just the only one
who has seen him.
Uh, Beshte?
Maybe you've been hiding
all alone a little too long.
No, seriously,
he was right here.
Sure he was, Big B!
But we gotta go now.
The Lion Guard
needs us. Right Ono?
Affirmative. Follow me!
Beshte. Glad they could
find you.
Sorry about that.
What's the kerbubble?
There's a leopard
in the Pride Lands.
(GASPS) A leopard?
Are you sure?
Yeah, we chased him,
but he got away.
This is terrible!
I'm pretty sure
we can handle one leopard.
You don't understand.
I told Ajabu
there aren't any leopards
in the Pride Lands.
Who's Ajabu?
My new friend.
I think your new friend's
safe, Beshte.
The leopard will be
going after real animals.
Ajabu is real!
And is he here
right now?
Of course not!
Least, I don't think so.
Unless he's hiding.
(GRUNTS)
Ajabu? Ajabu!
What's going on?
Beshte has
an imaginary friend.
He's not imaginary!
He looked pretty
imaginary to us.
You didn't even see him.
Guys! We don't have time
to talk about this
right now.
Kion's right.
We've got a leopard
on the loose.
And it's up to us
to catch him.
Right. You got it, Kion!
Now, let's go!
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard Defend!
More leopard tracks.
Makucha definitely
came this way.
Yup! Looks like we're on
the right "track." Get it?
Get what? We are on
the right track.
This is a track
and it's the right one.
It was kinda funny, right?
Well...
The leopard's headed
this way.
Yeah. But it's hard
to tell
which way he went
after he got into
the tall grass.
Hey! I see him!
There he goes!
(GASPS) Come on!
How come I didn't see him?
I think he went this way.
I still don't see him.
(SQUAWKING)
Hapana!
(SHOUTS)
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS) I could've sworn
I saw him run this way.
You sure it was the leopard?
The leopard?
No, I thought I saw Ajabu.
Who?
(SPITTING)
Hang on. We've been chasing
your imaginary friend?
He's not imaginary!
Big B? You know none of us
have seen him, right?
It's true.
But guys. He really is real.
Why don't you believe me?
I don't know.
Maybe because your
half-zebra half-giraffe friend
sounds so un-Bunga-lievable!
Bunga, you really
hurt his feelings.
Why don't you two
believe him?
You heard what the guy's
supposed to look like.
Half zebra,
half giraffe,
half oryx.
And we didn't see him,
even when Beshte said
he was right there.
Do you believe him?
I do. Beshte doesn't
make things up.
Besides, did you hear him
say his new friend
was chased here
by a leopard?
Yeah, so?
So we have a strange animal
who says he was chased here
by a leopard.
And we have a leopard!
When you put it that way,
it does sound real.
I didn't mean to hurt
his feelings.
We should go say
we're sorry.
Good idea.
Hey, Big B?
Don't be mad.
We're sorry we didn't believe
your friend was real.
He just sounded made-up.
Sorry. (SPITS)
(SIGHS) That's okay.
He does look different
from anyone I've ever seen.
I might not have
believed me, either.
So we're pals again?
We always were,
Little B.
Okay, guys.
Don't forget, we still
have a leopard at large.
And if we believe
in Beshte's friend,
we've got to believe
that the leopard's
looking for him.
That's right! So we've got to
find him first!
Beshte! Wait for us!
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
Well, Beshte did say
the Pride Lands were safe.
Oh, hello, there.
Hi. Nice to meet ya.
Oh, nice stripes.
(CHUCKLES)
Hello.
Not to get
personal, stranger,
but are you a zebra?
Uh, no. I'm not.
(GASPS) I knew it!
You're not a zebra!
(GROWLING)
Look who's here.
I know that. I said I'm not.
Well, what are you then?
Are you a short giraffe?
(LAUGHS) No. I'm a...
Are you a fancy antelope?
No. I'm a...
Shh, shh!
Wait, don't tell me.
You're a...
You're a... Hmm.
Leopard!
Leopard? What's that?
Something big and mean
with sharp teeth!
And it's coming this way!
Mmm-hmm. So it is.
Well, in that case,
my advice is...
Panic and run!
The leopard! Come on!
Makucha! I... I can't believe
you chased me all this way!
You okapis are rare.
Once you find one,
you stay on its trail.
And your trail is about
to come to an end.
(LAUGHING)
Panic and run!
Panic and... (YELLS)
I know I'm delicious,
but don't eat me! Please!
(GROWLS)
I'm after somebody
a lot tastier than you.
Well! I've never been
so insulted in all my life.
KION: Till the
Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard Defend!
Ugh! Not these guys again.
Somebody tastier than me...
I mean, really?
(SCOFFS)
Anybody else think it's weird
that the leopard didn't go
after any of the zebras?
Yeah, now that you
mention it.
(GASPS) I bet Ajabu
was hiding in the herd!
Remember I said
his back half is striped
like a zebra's?
He'd blend right in.
So you think the leopard
was after your new pal?
He did say leopards
chase okapis all the time
where he came from.
Well, they're in
the Pride Lands now.
And the Lion Guard
is gonna keep Ajabu safe!
Thanks. I knew he could
count on you guys.
(YELLS)
What is that thing?
BESHTE: That's Ajabu!
Well, I'll be
a baboon's brother!
Ajabu's actually real?
You said you believed me.
We did, but now
we really believe you.
(GROANS) Anyway, I'm glad
you've finally seen him.
Uh-oh! So has the leopard!
Lion Guard, let's go!
Leave me alone, Makucha!
Just go back home, won't you?
No way! I've chased you
too far to give up now.
(GROWLING)
(SHOUTS)
Poa! Nice move, Ajabu!
Now you're just
making me mad!
(YELLS)
I've got you now!
Not on my watch!
Twende Kiboko
(GROANS)
Wow!
You okay, Ajabu?
I'm fine!
(GROWLING)
Why don't you mind
your own business?
I'm just saying hello
to an old friend.
This is our business.
And you're not acting
too friendly.
So leopards say hello
with their teeth,
so what?
So it's time for you
to say goodbye!
Come on! I can fight two
at once!
(GROWLS)
Let's make it three!
What's the matter?
Honey badger got
your tail? (LAUGHS)
Ugh! I hope you taste
better than you smell.
Incoming!
(ONO GRUNTS)
(LAUGHS) You guys
are amazing!
Thanks. Now you stay here.
I'll be right back!
(SNARLING)
(BELLOWING)
Fine! Have it your way!
Not even an okapi
is worth this.
BUNGA: Whoa!
(BELLOWS)
Don't stop till you're
out of the Pride Lands!
Bunga, let go!
Good idea!
Whoa!
And don't come back!
Guess I told him.
(CHUCKLES)
Hey, everybody,
I've got someone
I want you to meet.
Kion, Fuli, Bunga, Ono...
This is my
new friend Ajabu.
Hello.
Hi.
Ajabu, meet the Lion Guard.
Hi, everyone.
I don't know how to
thank you for saving me.
It's what we do.
(SNIFFING)
(GASPS) Are you
a honey badger?
I sure am!
(LAUGHING) Wow! I've heard
of honey badgers,
but I never believed
they were real.
Oh, yeah? Why's that?
I figured nobody
could look and smell
like that.
I thought they had
to be made up.
But you're real!
Yep! I'm as real as it gets!
You're not planning on
going back home, are you?
That leopard will be
waiting for you.
What else am I gonna do?
I think I've got an idea.
Mom, Dad?
Ajabu came to
the Pride Lands
as a visitor,
but he'd really
like to stay.
If he has your blessing.
Of course, Ajabu.
You're welcome to stay
in the Pride Lands.
For as long as you like.
Oh, thank you, Your Highness!
Thank you!
We're happy to
have you here, Ajabu.
(ALL CHEERING)
Welcome to the Pride Lands!
So Ajabu. Now that
you're a Pride Lander,
what do you want
to do next?
Ha! I know!
Let's play some more
hide-and-seek!
AJABU: Okay. (CHUCKLES)
Un-Bunga-lievable!
He's really good at that!
(LAUGHS)